CLI examples cloudfront, cognito-idp, ec2, ecr-public, ecs, inspector… (#8960)
aws/aws-cli: awscli/examples/ecr-public/set-repository-policy.rst

> **Example1: To set repository policy to allow a pull on the repository**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 1: To set a repository policy to allow a pull on the repository**
```

The example title for doesn't seem to match the description ("pull on the repository" and "to control access permission").

        --repository-name project-a/nginx-web-app \
        --policy-text file://my-repository-policy.json 

Contents of ``my-repository-policy.json``::

    {
        "Version" : "2008-10-17",
        "Statement" : [
            {
                "Sid" : "allow public pull",
                "Effect" : "Allow",
                "Principal" : "*",
                "Action" : [
                    "ecr:BatchCheckLayerAvailability",
                    "ecr:BatchGetImage",
                    "ecr:GetDownloadUrlForLayer"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }

Output::

    {
        "registryId": "12345678901",
        "repositoryName": "project-a/nginx-web-app",
        "policyText": "{\n  \"Version\" : \"2008-10-17\",\n  \"Statement\" : [ {\n    \"Sid\" : \"allow public pull\",\n    \"Effect\" : \"Allow\",\n    \"Principal\" : \"*\",\n    \"Action\" : [ \"ecr:BatchCheckLayerAvailability\", \"ecr:BatchGetImage\", \"ecr:GetDownloadUrlForLayer\" ]\n  } ]\n}"
    }

For more information, see `Setting a repository policy statement <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/public/public-repository-policy-examples.html>`__ in the *Amazon ECR Public User Guide*.

> **Example 2: To set repository policy to allow IAM user within your account to push images**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 2: To set a repository policy to allow an IAM user within your account to push images**
```

> The following ``set-repository-policy`` allow an IAM user within your account to push images using the cli input file://my-repository-policy.json in your AWS account. ::

Reviewer: Use of CLI input file example is unclear.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following ``set-repository-policy`` example allows an IAM user within your account to push images to an ECR repository in your AWS account using an input `my-repository-policy.json` for the policy text. ::
```

                    ]
                },
                "Action": [
                    "ecr-public:BatchCheckLayerAvailability",
                    "ecr-public:PutImage",
                    "ecr-public:InitiateLayerUpload",
                    "ecr-public:UploadLayerPart",
                    "ecr-public:CompleteLayerUpload"
                ]
            }
        ]
    }

Output::

    {
        "registryId": "12345678901",
        "repositoryName": "project-a/nginx-web-app",
        "policyText": "{\n  \"Version\" : \"2008-10-17\",\n  \"Statement\" : [ {\n    \"Sid\" : \"AllowPush\",\n    \"Effect\" : \"Allow\",\n    \"Principal\" : {\n      \"AWS\" : [ \"arn:aws:iam::12345678901:user/admin\", \"arn:aws:iam::12345678901:user/eksuser1\" ]\n    },\n    \"Action\" : [ \"ecr-public:BatchCheckLayerAvailability\", \"ecr-public:PutImage\", \"ecr-public:InitiateLayerUpload\", \"ecr-public:UploadLayerPart\", \"ecr-public:CompleteLayerUpload\" ]\n  } ]\n}"
    }

For more information, see `Setting a repository policy statement <https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/public/public-repository-policy-examples.html>`__ in the *Amazon ECR Public User Guide*.

> **Example 3: To set repository policy to allow IAM user from different account to push images**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example 3: To set a repository policy to allow an IAM user from a different account to push images**
```

> The following ``set-repository-policy`` example allow a specific account to push images using cli input file://my-repository-policy.json in your AWS account. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following ``set-repository-policy`` example allows a specific account to push images using cli input file://my-repository-policy.json in your AWS account. ::
```

The connection between pushing images and the CLI input file is unclear. The repository policy doesn't add persmissions to use CLI input files; the task is accomplished using a CLI input file.
